>>>CSI
CSI stands for Computer Society of India, a non-profit organisation which came about in the year 1965.

>>>MORE ABOUT CSI
Formed in 1965, the CSI has been instrumental in guiding the Indian IT industry down the right path since its formative years. Today, 
the CSI has 381 student branches, and more than 50000 members including India's most famous IT industry leaders, brilliant 
scientists and dedicated academicians.

>>>WHAT SETS CSI APART
College life is synonymous with zeal, passion, enthusiasm and excitement. And that is what sets CSI apart from the other cliched 
technical societies. We don't conduct boring meetings, we don't organise boring events, and dull is one word you'd never associate 
with us. Because CSI does everything with elan and exuberance. With our well-thought line up of engaging and entertaining events, 
months are different in college. Too much happens.


>>>IS CSI ALL ABOUT COMPUTERS
Well, NO. CSI presents you with a perfect gamut of both technical as well as non-technical events. So, while Avantgarde may have 
more of technical events, Hasta la Vista will surprise you with the most exceptional non-technical fun events. What is Hasta la Vista 
and Avantgarde, you may ask!

>>>IDG
"INTEREST DEVELOPMENT GROUPS(IDGs)" is a platform to enhance your skills a learn a lot more.Special classes on 
coding,android development,web deplopment,etc. are organised by seniors.The classes are held on weekly basis.

>>>MORE ABOUT IDGs
IDGs are one of the major aspects of a tech society.They are about learning and exploring your field of interest and surely you all would have taken most out of it.
Now, its the time to showcase the acquired skills.Its your opportunity of helping out your peers and direct their enthusiasm into something productive.
Also ,to teach is to learn twice over.
Witness your knowledge growing up to next level, along the way, as you get exposure, experience and exercise out your brains in solving out the doubts.
"Those who know, do. Those that understand, teach."
― Aristotle


>>>SECRETS OF TRADE
An Interactive session where seniors placed in companies such as Google, Goldman Sachs, Amazon, EPIC, ZS Associates, etc will 
not only tell you their interview experiences but also clear all your doubts regarding the placement session.All Juniors are Invited.


>>>HASTA LA VISTA
"Hasta la Vista" is the Fuchcha Week organised, co-ordinated and volunteered by first year members of the Computer Society of 
India-DTU Chapter. It's the chance to participate in some simple mind games and grab prizes !


>>>AVANTGARDE
"Avantgarde" is a techinical week organised just after our tiring mid sems exams.It is a 3-4 days event with many competitions.

>>>CO-GENESIS
"CO-GENESIS" is the annual techno management fest organised in the month of febuary.Many technical and non technical events are 
organised.

>>>ETHICAL HACKING WORKSHOP
"Ethical Hacking & Cyber Forensics" workshop is organised by CSI-DTU. It is a 2 day workshop (total of 16 hours) meant for all those 
interested in learning hacking and cyber security. We collaborate with different security consulting firms and conduct the workshop.


>>>MORE ABOUT AVANTGARDE
This is a techno-management event organised by CSI sometime after your mid sems. This event is the first event, where you as first years would be part of the event, both as organisers as well as participants. From coding events, to LAN gaming to quizzing to debating, you name it and we have it. Aimed at making you compete with others who share the same passion, this fest is a great way to start building your CVs. This 3-4 day event not only includes various competitions, but also includes various workshops. Last year, we had workshops on augmented reality, game theory and machine learning, each of which is an important as well as interesting field of study. 
And, well, who doesn’t like prizes and certificates! So gear yourself for this one week of technical as well as non-technical extravaganza!

>>>MORE ABOUT HASTALAVISTA
This is the one fest that, you, first years will especially like. Because the complete responsibility for this fest is on the first years. You conceive the events, you plan them, you organise them and you conduct them. The complete onus is on you. And the events here are absolutely non-technical. Held around the last week of April, hasta la vista aka fuchcha week, had events like game-o-droid (students had to compete in android games like mini-militia,pokemon-go etc), pixelf (best selfie out of the many entries we received was chosen as the winner), know your campus (quiz on the various locations in campus) was held, among others! 
So brace yourself to organise this entire week of creativity and enthusiasm. 

>>>MORE ABOUT CO-GENESIS
It's that time of the year again, when college just opened for you after your one month long winter break and you think  you have absolutely no work till March when the dreaded mid sems arrive. Well, how about participating in the much anticipated technical fests? Different societies in the college organize different  technical fests. So, don't be surprised if you walk around mechanical canteen and are greeted with music from 3 different camps, each organizing their own fests. The technical fest of CSI is known as CO-GENESIS. And as the legend goes, when the CO-GENESIS resurrects from the ashes, she is even more beautiful than before. In keeping with this famous saying, every year, CO-GENESIS is even more splendid, captivating and exquisite.
CO-GENESIS boasts of both online as well as offline events. So, where there is an online photography contest, there is a coding competition too. Where we judge you on your debating skills, we also judge your mathematics skills. And with prizes as big as hp printers and intex speakers, who doesnt wanna put their best foot forward?
CSI allows you to participate as well as organise events. So, while you collect registrations for cranium being the organiser, you could simultaneously participate in mathrix and hone your math skills. 
And who says you just have to participate in our events? How about taking a round of the whole campus and participating in every event which interests you? And just so you guys know, during this time, the entire college is on an official mass bunk! Already have goosebumps thinking about what February would be like? Well, imagine how amazing it would be to be a part of all of this! =)

	